Let’s look at one more example. Let’s assume
I want to send an API call that returns the
details of a specific InfoCard. The
InfoCard number is TRN-SOP-0015. In
the Web Services API documentation,
select the getFullInfoCard method.
The getFullInfoCard method will “Retrieve
an InfoCard with a few additional fields.”
Here, we’ll utilize the connectionID we
created in the last video. We’ll also
enter the InfoCard Number and Revision.
Notice these are required parameters.
Copy the example call, create a new API call
in Postman, and enter the required arguments:
the connectionID, InfoCard Number, and Revision.
We’ll use the GET method, and ensure we’re sending
the call to the correct site. Then, select Send.
Here is the InfoCard information.